[Music]
hey everybody let me just start off this
video by saying that I'm really sorry
it's so late in coming I've been kind of
lazy lately don't worry there won't be
another month-long break between this
one and the next video on the philosophy
of Bioshock as I promised I'll have that
one up within a week this time around
I'll be discussing the weapons of the
game the upgrades for them a very
strange weapon related observation and
some other miscellaneous stuff now the
weapons in BioShock are not
top-of-the-line military weapons by any
means some are made out of tin cans or
metal rulers and one even uses a wrench
as a trigger in all there are seven
weapons in the game eight if you count
the camera in order of when you get them
they are the wrench the revolver the
machine gun the shotgun the grenade
launcher the camera the chemical thrower
and the crossbow every weapon except for
the camera and the wrench has two
possible upgrades available through the
power to the people stations that are
scattered throughout rapture after it's
used the station is deactivated and the
weapon has given a video visual
modification to show the upgrade for
most of the weapons one of the upgrades
is a 25% damage increase and the other
is unique to the weapon in question the
pistol gets quadruple ammo capacity the
machine gun gets a recoil reducer the
shotgun becomes semi-automatic the
station also gives you an immunity to
your own grenades for the grenade
launcher the crossbow gives you a
greater chance to recover your own
crossbow bolts and the chemical roller
has two options you can either increase
the range or reduce the ammo consumption
so you'll get more effect out of your
bottles of napalm and all that good
stuff okay now this is bug me for a
while now why is it that a seemingly
normal American male with no military
experience who has crash-landed in the
middle of the Atlantic Ocean wearing
nothing but a woollen sweater and dress
pants can carry a wrench a Webley
revolver a Thompson submachine gun a
Remington shotgun a grenade launcher a
chemical thrower a crossbow an ancient
camera and all the relevant ammo not
only that but he can switch between them
instantly and has not slowed down by the
hundred pounds minimum of gear he
carries at all times it's the same
question with Gordon Freeman but at
least he has the HEV suit to explain the
enhanced strength and storage space but
I digress
I'm just nitpicking at this point one
last thing I wanted to point out on the
Bioshock 2 teaser website Meltzer the
main guy has received a record from the
city that has the rapture national
anthem rise rapture rise on it
personally I've wanted to hear this song
for a while since I've heard snippets of
it from record players scattered
throughout the first game if you're
interested go check out wwm thing in the
sitcom I've got the link in the sidebar
click on the record player and if you
can stand listening to the singer roll
her arms for two minutes
then you'll hear something interesting
at the end of the record oh and um since
they're constantly updating the site if
you see this video like a week after I
put it on and the record players not
working try looking in the bottom drawer
of the filing cabinet that's generally
where they put all the past articles and
records thanks for watching everybody I
really do appreciate all the support I'm
getting from you people you guys are
great bye
[Music]
my logo stands